New rule: Content triggered on hover is hoverable (#ep1s13) (#1396)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/glossary/center.md

---
title: Center
key: center
unambiguous: true
objective: true
input_aspects:
  - CSS styling
  - DOM tree
---

The _center_ of a [bounding box][] is the point given by the following coordinates:

> - The [x coordinate][] is equal to the [left coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half of the [width][] of the [bounding box][] (rounded down); and
> - The [y coordinate][] is equal to the [top coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half of the [height][] of the [bounding box][] (rounded down).

Reviewer: I think this is enough:
```suggestion
- The [x coordinate][] is equal to the [left coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half its [width][]; and
- The [y coordinate][] is equal to the [top coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half its [height][].
```

The _center_ of a [bounding box][] is the point given by the following coordinates:

- The [x coordinate][] is equal to the [left coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half its [width][] (rounded down); and

> - The [y coordinate][] is equal to the [top coordinate][] of the [bounding box][] plus half its [height][] (rounded down).

Author: I was ensuring once again that coordinates were whole numbers. But they don't need to be (they're doubles).
